Astro-Coord-ECI-TLE-Iridium is Copyright (C) 2005-2021 by Thomas R. Wyant, III

DESCRIPTION

This package contains Astro::Coord::ECI::TLE::Iridium. a subclass of
Astro::Coord::ECI::TLE (not included) which predicts Iridium Classic
flares.  It was split from the distribution containing
Astro::Coord::ECI::TLE in anticipation of the retirement of the Iridium
Classic satellites in favor of Iridium Next, which are not anticipated
to flare, and in hope of better managing the many canned status changes
involved in the retirement of the Iridium Classic satellites.

INSTALLATION

Most Perl users will want to install using their favorite of 'cpan',
'cpanm', or 'cpanp'. For any of these, just install
Astro::Coord::ECI::TLE::Iridium. ActivePerl users who use ActiveState's
'ppi' should install Astro-Coord-ECI-TLE-Iridium.

If for some reason neither of these works for you, you can download the
distribution and expand it using something like

    tar -xzf Astro-Coord-ECI-TLE-Iridium-9.999.tar.gz

Users of MSWin32 (and perhaps other operating systems) may need to
convert the line endings in the expanded files from Unix to their native
system before proceeding.

Then, issue one of the following two incantations:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    sudo make install

or

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    sudo ./Build install

You should substitute the appropriate program name for 'make', eg nmake
(typically) under MSWin32, or mms or mmk under VMS. See
ftp://ftp.microsoft.com/Softlib/MSLFILES/nmake15.exe for a copy of
nmake for MSWin32 if you need it.

Unix users may want to use 'su' rather than 'sudo' for the install.
Non-unix users may need to be logged in to an administrative or
otherwise privileged accout, and turn on privileges (if applicable) for
the install.

Of course, since it's pure Perl, you can just expand the kit and drop
the .pm files into the Astro/Coord/ECI/TLE directory (creating it if
necessary) in the appropriate place in your @INC directories.

LICENSING INFORMATION

This package is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl 5.10.0. For more details, see the full text
of the licenses in the directory LICENSES.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
